v0.44 changelog: Resource Estimation (#8831)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-0.44.0.md

  pass is performed in MLIR or xDSL.
  [(#8539)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8539)

<h4>Analyzing algorithms quickly and easily with resource estimation</h4>

> * A new :func:`~pennylane.resource.algo_error` function has been added to compute algorithm-specific 

Author: Coming in the next commit :+1:

  ```python
  import pennylane as qml
  
  Hamiltonian = qml.dot([1.0, 0.5], [qml.X(0), qml.Y(0)])
  
  dev = qml.device("default.qubit")
  
  @qml.qnode(dev)
  def circuit():
      qml.TrotterProduct(Hamiltonian, time=1.0, n=4, order=2)
      return qml.state()
  ```

  ```pycon
  >>> qml.resource.algo_error(circuit)()
  {'SpectralNormError': SpectralNormError(0.25)}
  ```

> * Resource estimation is now available for many new algorithms. These include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fast resource estimation is now available for many algorithms, including:
```

   
  * The **Generalized Quantum Signal Processing** (GQSP)
    algorithm and its time evolution via the :class:`estimator.GQSP <pennylane.estimator.templates.qsp.GQSP>` and

>     :class:`estimator.GQSPTimeEvolution <pennylane.estimator.templates.qsp.GQSPTimeEvolution>` resource operations.

Author: I confirmed with him earlier and it sounds like they just don't work and no workaround exists.

>     :class:`estimator.GQSPTimeEvolution <pennylane.estimator.templates.qsp.GQSPTimeEvolution>` resource operations.

Reviewer: Oh no! Okay I seem to remember this. @DSGuala mind just removing the sphinx directives here then? Might just be better to do that. 

```suggestion
    algorithm and its time evolution via the ``qml.estimator.GQSP`` and 
    ``qml.estimator.GQSPTimeEvolution`` resource operations.
```

>     :class:`estimator.GQSPTimeEvolution <pennylane.estimator.templates.qsp.GQSPTimeEvolution>` resource operations.

Author: Updated to remove sphinx directives :+1:

    [(#8733)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8733)

  * The **unary iteration implementation of QPE** via the new
    :class:`estimator.UnaryIterationQPE <pennylane.estimator.templates.subroutines.UnaryIterationQPE>`
    subroutine, which makes it possible to reduce T and Toffoli gate count, in exchange
    for using additional qubits.
    [(#8708)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8708)

  * **Linear combination of unitaries** (LCU) representations of ``qml.estimator.PauliHamiltonian`` Hamiltonians via the
    new :class:`estimator.SelectPauli <pennylane.estimator.templates.select.SelectPauli>` operator.
    [(#8675)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8675)

  * **Trotterization** for Pauli Hamiltonians, using the new
    :class:`estimator.PauliHamiltonian <pennylane.estimator.compact_hamiltonian.PauliHamiltonian>`
    resource Hamiltonian class and the new
    :class:`estimator.TrotterPauli <pennylane.estimator.templates.TrotterPauli>`
    resource operator. [(#8546)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8546)
    [(#8761)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8761)
    ```pycon

>     >>> pauli_terms = {"X":10, "XX":5, "XXXX":3, "YY": 5, "ZZ":5, "Z": 2}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >>> pauli_terms = {"X": 10, "XX": 5, "XXXX": 3, "YY": 5, "ZZ":5, "Z": 2}
```

👀

    >>> pauli_ham = qre.PauliHamiltonian(num_qubits=10, pauli_terms=pauli_terms)
    >>> res = qre.estimate(qre.TrotterPauli(pauli_ham, num_steps=1, order=2))
    >>> res.total_gates
    2844
    ```
    The `PauliHamiltonian` object also makes it easy to access the total number of terms (Pauli words)
    in the Hamiltonians with the `PauliHamiltonian.num_terms` property:

    ```pycon
    >>> pauli_ham.num_terms
    30
    ```

* The new `resource_key` keyword argument of the
  :meth:`ResourceConfig.set_precision <pennylane.estimator.resource_config.ResourceConfig.set_precision>`
  method makes it possible to set precisions for a larger variety of `ResourceOperator`s in

>   the :mod:`estimator <pennylane.estimator>` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the :mod:`estimator <pennylane.estimator>` module, including ...
```

Is this feasible?
